I have more evidence that Miraflores has
a double Colonel Yvonne said we have an
espionage photographer in New York he
operates as an undercover mine near the
Office of Naval Intelligence he took
these photographs the Russian snapped
his fingers indicating an attache case
on a console their comrade is the proof
is it not wonderful the aide handed the
photos to Colonel Enrique who fanned
them out staring at the top image again
already quite familiar with our man to
Drita miraflores Colonel Enrique growled
said turn ugly now look at the other one
closely Don Smith Enrique read the label
below the portrait lieutenant junior
grade he looked up in astonishment holy
brother ever lemur they do look just
alike even side by side that is too much
to wish for don't tell me that what the
same height and weight they are they
also both speak Spanish and English
perfectly it would be ideal for us to
make a switch
Pedrito how glad I am to see you the
stranger said pounding Smith so hard on
his back that the young lieutenant
stumbled forward almost dropping his
black suitcase we've just got time
before my flight so I can buy you a
drink as I promised last time we met a
do you still remember those wild we were
and they said they were Mansa he
demanded the attention of the bartender
quickly my friend Pedrito here is an
impatient an important man and I have a
plane to catch in a few minutes please
please Smith said still trying to be
polite there must be some mistake my
name isn't as the portly man slumped
into his own seat across the table and
he grinned as if understanding an inside
joke now Pedrito you can trust me after
all we've been through together he
placed a chubby finger across his lips
and lowered his voice just like a time
say but I see you must be on another
mission now nevermind Pedrito your
secret is safe with me the portly man
rushed off heading for his plane Smith
stared after him what an odd man as the
Stinson drone delong above a level of
thick clouds a fighter jets creamed by
jostling the windows in the cockpit
Smith held on for dear life as a second
jet whooshed past even closer their
monoplane bucked nearly out of control
hey those are at fourteens I thought we
sold all those two military surplus
dealers it'll get the decals bolo said
through gritted teeth those aren't us
planes there from the cullet or an Air
Force they're after you bolo released
the controls and grabbed a submachine
gun from under his seat he elbowed
opened the window aimed the submachine
gun
the first f-14 made another pass in the
ground control tower o'halloran yelled
into a microphone god damn it shoot them
down use missiles use rockets use poets
he wiped a spray of spittle from the
microphone then shout it again yo stones
for all I care just shoot them down Tom
why don't you take my daughter Joan
herre out to lunch and recover from your
trip Oh daddy Pedrito smiled like a wolf
but the Admirals gorgeous daughter it
would be my pleasure sir he said sensing
the challenge but she refused to look at
him she stalked toward the door
displeased her high heels clicking on
the floor he promptly about-faced and
follow John out reaching for her arm to
escort her how about it Joan Admirals
orders Joan jerked her arm away and
turned on him with scathing contempt go
piss up a tree I wouldn't marry you if
you were the last man on earth I thought
we were talking about lunch not marriage
one thing leads to the other you oaf now
go away I've got higher standards than a
loser like you why what's the matter
with me I'm a clean-cut nice young man
what's the matter with you does the word
boring mean anything to you how about
dull how about I'd rather listen to
radio coverage of an amateur golf
tournament huh bet you've never told a
lie in your life Pedrito stared
surprised unable even to respond to such
a preposterous accusation what the hell
do you think you are you straight-laced
jerk a saint I have no interest in
marrying a saint but who said anything
about marrying John gave a snort of
contempt and stalked off a saint
nobody's ever called me that before he
scratched his head God numba the things
they don't tell you in a pre-mission
briefing